maim: add page (#4468)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/maim.md

# maim

> > Screenshot utility: <https://github.com/naelstrof/maim>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Screenshot utility.
> More information: <https://github.com/naelstrof/maim>.
```

- Capture a screenshot and save it as "path/to/screenshot.png":

> `maim path/to/screenshot.png`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maim {{path/to/screenshot.png}}`
```

- Capture a screenshot of the selected region:

> `maim --select path/to/screenshot.png`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maim --select {{path/to/screenshot.png}}`
```

- Capture a screenshot of the selected region and save it in the clipboard(requires xclip):

`maim --select | xclip -selection clipboard -target image/png`

- Capture a screenshot of the current active window(requires xdotool):

> `maim --window $(xdotool getactivewindow) path/to/screenshot.png`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maim --window $(xdotool getactivewindow) {{path/to/screenshot.png}}`
```

# maim

> Screenshot utility.
> More information: <https://github.com/naelstrof/maim>.

> - Capture a screenshot and save it as "path/to/screenshot.png":

Reviewer: Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Capture a screenshot and save it in the given path:
```

> - Capture a screenshot and save it in the given path "path/to/screenshot.png":

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Capture a screenshot and save it to the given path:
```

`maim {{path/to/screenshot.png}}`

- Capture a screenshot of the selected region:

`maim --select {{path/to/screenshot.png}}`

- Capture a screenshot of the selected region and save it in the clipboard(requires xclip):

`maim --select | xclip -selection clipboard -target image/png`

> - Capture a screenshot of the current active window(requires xdotool):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capture a screenshot of the current active window (requires xdotool):
```

> - Capture a screenshot of the current active window (requires xdotool):

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Capture a screenshot of the current active window (requires `xdotool`):
```

# maim

> > Screenshot utility.
> 
> > More information: <https://github.com/naelstrof/maim>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Screenshot utility.
> More information: <https://github.com/naelstrof/maim>.
```

Author: Thanks I'll try, wasn't sure what was going on :P
